
                     F r a m e s R e a d y
                   -------------------------


The FramesReady package depends on the libwww-perl collection of Perl
modules which provides a simple and consistent application programming
interface to the World-Wide Web.  The main focus of this library is to
provide classes and functions that allow you to write WWW clients that
retrieve framesets and in-line frames for integration into the
initially requested Web pages for fuller content evaluation.  That, of
course, is you want to evaluate all the content at one time.  The
children can be examined individually, as well, by tracing down
through the descendants.


PREREQUISITES

In order to install and use this package you will need Perl version
5.005 or better.  Some modules within this package depend on other
packages that are distributed separately from Perl.  We recommend that
you have the following packages installed before you install
FramesReady:

  URI
  MIME-Base64
  LWP-UserAgent
  Net-HTTP
  Net-FTP
  HTML-HeadParser
  HTML-Parser
  HTML-Form
  Digest-MD5

These packages should be available on CPAN (see below).


INSTALLATION

You install FramesReady using the normal perl module distribution drill:

   perl Makefile.PL
   make
   make test
   make install

If you want to install a private copy of FramesReady in your home
directory, then you should try to produce the initial Makefile with
something like this command:

  perl Makefile.PL LIB=~/perl

The Makefile.PL program will start out by checking your perl
installation for a few packages that are recommended to be installed
together with FramesReady.



DOCUMENTATION

See ./lib/LWP/UserAgent/FramesReady.pm and ./lib/HTTP/Response/Tree.pm
for an overview of the library. See ./ChangeLog for recent changes.

POD style documentation is included within all modules and scripts.
These are normally converted to manual pages and installed as part of
the "make install" process.  You should also be able to use the
'perldoc' utility to extract and read documentation from the module
files directly.



SUPPORT

Questions about how to use this library should be directed to the
comp.lang.perl.modules USENET Newsgroup.  Bug reports and suggestions
for improvements can be sent to <aederhaag@newerasoftdevel.com>.

You might also think of joining the mailing list by sending a message
to <libwww-subscribe@perl.org>.
          ^^^^^^^^^^


AVAILABILITY

The library is available from the Comprehensive Perl Archive Network
(CPAN).  Visit <URL:http://www.perl.com/CPAN/> to find a CPAN site
near you.



COPYRIGHT

  © 2002 N2H2, Inc. All rights reserved.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

Enjoy!
